# webcpp
A simple framework to organize C++ CGI applications

## Installation 
Unclear for now. 

## Compatibility and Future
This library was developed on and for \*nix systems. A port to windows should be easy to do.
This library will keep backwards compatibility. Components which names are changed will have a typedef to the old name.

## Purpose
WebCPP is a template engine to simplify the task of creating C++ Web-Applications. <br>
It consists of 
1) A template engine that generates HTML code <br>
2) A set of tools that simplify the interaction with the user <br>

## Usage

### Functionality
The template engine works by having blocks that accept an infinite amount of other Blocks as constructor elements. <br>

For example, like this:

```
BlockType1 {
  BlockType2{ 
  },
  BlockType2 {
    BlockType2 {
    
    }, 
    BlockType3 {
    
    }
  }
}
```
- The entire Library is wrapped inside of the namespace ```WCP::```.
- All Blocks inherit from WCP::Block

---
Any Block implemented by the Library can be outputted by means of std::cout. 
Example: 
```
std::cout << Document {

};
```

---

The entire Page should be wrapped inside of the ```Document``` block, which generates the ```<html> ... </html>``` part of the website. 

### Blocks commonly found in HTML-Headers

The ```<head> </head>``` is generated by the Block called ```Head```. It accepts as constructor arguments an infinite amount of Blocks that inherit from ```WCP::HeaderObject``` 

---

```WCP::Title``` 
Accepts a ```WCP::Text``` as argument. Creates the Website-Title

--- 

```WCP::Include```
Accepts three ```std::string```s as argument. The first argument is the hyperreference, the second is the type of the included file and the third is the relationship to the current document. 

---

```WCP::IncludeScript```
Accepts a ```std::string``` as argument, which is a hyperreference to a script document. 

---

```WCP::HttpEquiv```
Accepts two ```std::string```s as arguments. The first is the equiv argument of ```<meta http-equiv="">```, the second is the value.

---

```WCP::Charset```
Accepts a ```std::string``` with the name of the charset of the page. The use of "utf-8" is recommended.

---

```WCP::Meta```
Accepts two ```std::string```s, the first one being for the name attribute of the ```<meta>``` tag, the second for the content attribute.

### Blocks commonly found in HTML-Bodies

The entire ```<body> </body>``` Section is generated by ```WCP::Body```.

--- 

```WCP::H1``` -> ```WCP::H6```
Generate the ```<h1> </h1>``` to ```<h6> </h6>``` tags respectively.

---

